Document Session Replay comments feature (#36207)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/session_replay/playlists.md

      {{< img src="real_user_monitoring/session_replay/playlists/share-playlist.png" alt="Build a new playlist from the individual recording" style="width:90%;">}}
3. Add the recording to an existing playlist, or create a new one.

## Default playlists

> Three default playlists help you review session replays:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Three default playlists help you review Session Replays:
```

- **My Watch History**: Replays you've previously watched.
- **All mentions to me**: Replays where a teammate @mentioned you in a comment, so you can see which investigations need your input.

> - **Commented replays**: Every replay in your organization that has at least one comment, so you can review noteworthy sessions you or your team has flagged.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Commented replays**: Every replay in your organization that has at least one comment, so you can review sessions you or your team has commented on.
```
